tight Oh flatten flatten it's been a
long-ass day that just flat off this is
like more like a V going on hello
welcome back to another video it works
it up and close and personal right now
you can see by the title I I'm doing an
the gym shot call I haven't done one of
these in like maybe coming up to a year
so it's been a minute the guys loved my
last one so I thought I would do another
one I did notice straight offer from a
price point of start increased I'm
hoping maybe that's reflected in like
the quality or the fit or some of they
do a very in-depth gym shark hole this
video is not sponsored or anything in my
last haul I mainly ordered a lot of like
the vital seamless leggings collection
and and I've ordered like a couple
different colors but I've tried out like
multiple styles in this one my castle
arrived and the Hermes guy kindly like
he did it for me I wasn't in so I'm so
glad but I didn't miss my delivery
otherwise I wouldn't light with this
video and stuff and I'm glad it wasn't
stolen I've made a couple notes just so
that I don't miss anything a mixture of
size extra small and small last time I'm
mainly grateful I did think it was a bit
tight just before I get straight into it
I would love it if you could like this
video and subscribe you know join the
fam it really helps my channel and I
appreciate it so much this is the camera
seamless sports bra in lilac it's kind
of like a an off grade I'd say I thought
it was going to be like quite
wishy-washy but I really like it
it might potentially be super super
booty if you've been moody really
supportive and I'd feel really
comfortable doing like an intense
workout in this we're not worrying that
things were going to fall out I quite
like how it's a perfect cup this is a
size small and it was 35 pounds but can
I just mention I googled like I always
do this if I'm ever buying anything of
mine just typing like gym shot discount
and I think it is like a Daily Mail
article you know where they've got like
sometimes like vouchers or dis unlike
current discounts make sure you always
check that because the honors have so so
much money and I think I managed to get
20% off the full order free next day
delivery which I thought was really nice
to touch especially when you're spending
quite a lot of money on active work you
have someone who you don't like wearing
the like super teeny tiny sports bras
but you don't really wear like a full
like long sleeve crop this is something
in-between
okay well it's for a what the night out
as well just like high-waisted jeans
maybe not actually I'm getting a bit
carried away hon I really really like
that
Chimchar long-sleeved cropped tops I
left the light back design like this is
what stock grabbed me I liked like the
little holes camera is such a violet
there I've got the matching leggings of
these on throughout I'll show you those
in a second yeah I picked this in the
small and it does look quite big on the
arms I don't know how well it's going to
fit I don't know if it's gonna be like
super tight or not and I can see it's
got like some ruched detailing on this
front which I think he's nice the
leggings also have the Rouge on the back
there that on the bum as well but it's
not too much tight so this is the
matching set which I think may be in a
different color I might prefer but Tim
it for me it's too close to like I look
like I'm kind of worried like her I won
a onesie in which isn't my favorite so I
think had were these separately but I
don't think I would wear them together
or maybe I'd like it in a different
color but it's something I really like
about this is that you've got these
little hand things I don't know if
they've got a name but they're kind of
like little blood and this just saves
your hand so much in the gym like if you
are doing like deadliest of squats
whatever this really does like save the
day so it's a really good concept got a
little rusty turn here which i think is
quite cute you wouldn't necessarily oh
you need a sports bra underneath it
which is something I haven't ever said
before and it isn't super restrictive
like sometimes when things are too tight
around like your armpits you can't get
that full range of motion but yeah I do
really like this set like the ruching is
not you know completely up in your face
and then here are the camo seamless
leggings in the berry red color band is
quite high rise and it's not like as
compressive as the seamless if you
wanted is where you could like roll this
over like I feel very much secure and in
place here
and and yet they're just really
flattering on your bum area on a homo
but if you don't like things super tight
I probably said to size up in the
leggings they are squat proof and
there's absolutely nothing she about
them and then on the camel toe front
because there isn't a seam of right at
the middle so I don't think camel toe is
a huge issue in these Morrisey you've
gotta go see something different on
there but when I looked in the mirror
it's been okayish done and here are the
vital seamless blue or mile leggings
straight off light from picking these up
they do look very much the same as the
other visor seamless like I think they
did change the design at some point but
yeah this is a new color and I really
like it because I do notice a lot of the
other gym shot colors are quite neutral
like this is quite a neutral vibe which
I am all about don't get me wrong but
have really fancy something a bit more
like you know like pop pop and I have
noticed like brands like alpha Lee as
well they seem quite a lot brighter so
I'm guessing that's maybe where like
junto added some like really bright
colors if they are quite impressive and
Leggett and compressive leggings go one
of two ways the either like lift and
sculpt you or just flatten flat and it's
been a long-ass day that would just flat
off that's about it just flat flat
notice we've got a bit of boom
contouring under here as well the same
as the other ones that I got and this
could look really lovely but also for me
sometimes I find that lip balm
contouring is like in the middle of my
bum so it's like I've got two humps so
I'll see what these are Nikon I'll make
sure to include like the prices and
everything bloom are vital seamless
leggings and I didn't think I'd say this
but these are so comfortable right
they've really changed I can remember
them being a lot more compressive this
is like more like a V going on I just I
really like I think I really like the
color of these leggings and the size
small fit me really well this kind of
this is a slight light opening here and
I really like them like on the bum area
the contouring is super lovely like
detailing just on this side bit here and
definitely not like it's high-rise I
really like them roll over and that's it
just feels it's it's quite a different
fabric a lot more stretchy and
definitely more like giving them like
just above my ankle then next up I
picked the Flex high waisted leggings in
black and gray I think everyone just
needs a staple piece of black leggings I
always loved wearing black on Days if
it's my time of the month
I don't really it just goes with
everything so the black flex high rated
leggings are definitely longer on the
leg than the vital seamless that as you
can see on there and they also feel like
a completely different material and
they've got like a bit of a sheen to
them but these just feel like they're
going to be super comfy on and
definitely these surely can't be like
restrictive in the leg area and some bum
contouring base it's very different to
the vital seamless it's more like
thicker I don't know how well you can
see on here
it's like thicker underneath your bum so
I have a feeling this is going to be
quite flattering like some more gorgeous
detailing but the top bit like just
under here it's like a curved bit and
this reminds me of a pair of leggings
that I've got from my protein they're
like one of my favorites so I'm looking
forward to trying these and I think this
is quite a nice band like it's not too
like in your face a lot more
high-waisted and they do feel like
they're coming quite tight around the
waist band like the waist band it seems
quite like thick and I don't think you'd
be able to roll this over as such I got
these in it at the size extra small so I
just thought I would just try out
different sizes this time this is the
Flex high waisted legging in the black
and grey and it's definitely the most
high waisted out of them oil as the
longest on the leg so I'd say if you're
like a taller girl these would be a good
size room
they are super comfortable but more
compresses like to around the waist area
and then on the side bits because
there's some like contouring here dress
the same as the shorts they're
completely like they're really thinking
that they're a good high quality retain
the next pair actually picked the Flex
cycling shore and I have been after like
some decent shops but aren't too short
but not too long at the same time
this could look really cool it as well
like a nice sports bra you can also wear
like actual like baggy shorts over the
top of these tube it's in like a car key
mile top I think that's what you call it
and then it's got like the little like
light pink that's again it's not too
like in-your-face gym shot I wasn't the
biggest fan of like the previous bands
you know it was like gym shock all the
way around and I also picked these up in
and extra small
here are the Flex sizing shots in the
car Kumar and I'm really liking at the
color and like this style of these they
fit so right and they're such a nice
like length on the leg like I would be
really comfortable wearing these they've
also got like some paneling contouring
on the side which is so flattering I
think I got the wrong size in these but
I do really like them I think to get the
size small because it kind of like
flattens my leg here this is sort of
more compressive than this material like
the dark there these are definitely
squat proof no find maybe it's because
of the small fire that there is like her
there is a bit of a camel toe shown in
this all the legends are all squat proof
which is amazing to say you can't see a
thing really even in this blue color you
couldn't see any underwear which is
really good anyway I really hope you
enjoyed this video don't forget to stick
around and subscribe and like this video
and I will see you guys in the next one